The following is the description of each Module in this repository and the behaviours of them:


User Module: Part of the UserModule we have the Employees class which is extended by 2 classes being Cashier and Admin. In the Employees class we have variables describing the name, contact Info, type of employee and the userID and password. The type is set to “Employee” by default since most Employees are of that type. The Cashier class and Admin class change the type as part of their constructor to be the same as their name respectively. The Employee and Admin have access to change the Ticket status from “available” to “reserved” upon a customer attempting to purchase it.

LoginUser Module: In LoginUserModule Employees 1 through 6 are arbitrary employees created for the purposes of testing the code. The Login method uses the username and password inputted and passed to it to compare with the usernames and passwords of the employees stored in the array of class Employee that are initialized with “TheLoginModule”. The method returns true if Login was a success and false otherwise. In the case the returned value was false the program loops the login method till a successful attempt happens. Once login is a success a display function will prompt the user with a bunch of possible actions they can perform depending on the type of employee and the command will be on loop until the logout option is selected and in that case the user will be logged out.

Accounting Module: For the AccountingModule the Cashier is also able to access the changeStatus method in class Ticket, although they have 2 ways of accessing it. If they’re processing a single ticket they access it normally but if it is a reservation of multiple tickets then a loop is created to go through the reservation and process each ticket. If the customer is paying for the ticket(s) the cashier will change the status to “booked” which will trigger the if statement and prompt the customer to select their payment method and then call the payment method in class Cashier which send 95% of the money to the airline allocated on the ticket and the other 5% to the agency.

Flight Module: In FlightModule we use SQL to access the tables we added to the database that include airports, airlines, planes, routes and countries data. We also store the flight schedules in a separate table in the database. We then create a statement to search in the database to see if the source and destination airports that the customer wishes to get a ticket for have an upcoming scheduled flight to book from. If the flight exists then we store the name of the airline, source and destination airport in the class route and we pass that when initializing the ticket. The name of the airline is used in the “AccountingModule” to know which airline to credit the money when they payment comes through.